# Object-Classification-and-Localization-
Object Localization and Classification with TensorFlow. Object localization is one of the image recognition tasks along with image classification and object detection. Though object detection and object localization are sometimes used interchangeably, they are not the same. Similarly, image classification and image localization are also two distinct concepts. With the evaluation of Artificial intelligence technology, researchers and industries has adopted and integrated deep learning for many computer vision use cases. Object localization is one such use case. Object localization algorithms identify the object and its location in an image by putting a bounding box around it.

Object localization is one of the image recognition tasks along with image classification and object detection. Though object detection and object localization are sometimes used interchangeably, they are not the same. Similarly, image classification and image localization are also two distinct concepts. With the evaluation of Artificial intelligence technology, researchers and industries has adopted and integrated deep learning for many computer vision use cases. Object localization is one such use case. Object localization algorithms identify the object and its location in an image by putting a bounding box around it.

What is image classification and localization?
Image classification is a task where an image is classified into one or multiple classes based on the task. Input: an image. Output: one or multiple class(es) Image/Object localization is a regression problem where the output is x and y coordinates around the object of interest to draw bounding boxes.
